## Terraform and OCI Resource Manager
- You run Terraform in your laptop.  After you provision an instance, you want to capture the IP address of the provisioned instance and save to a local file.
Which Terraform feature that you will use to accomplish the task?
	- [ ] Remote-exec provisioner
	- [x] Local-exec provisioner

- You are helping a customer to use Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Resource Manager to automate their infrastructure. Which of the below options is FALSE regarding Resource Manager?
	- [ ] Resource Manager consists of Terraform configuration files and each file are in HCL or JSON format.
	- [ ] To control access to the Terraform state file, you can create a security policy that limits access to reading jobs. 
	- [x] With Resource Manager, you cannot execute scripts or commands on a remote computer.
	- [ ] For a given Resource Manager stack, only one job can be run at a time. 

- Your company recently adopted a hybrid cloud architecture which requires them to migrate some of their on-premises web applications to Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI). You created a Terraform template which automatically provisions OCI resources such as compute instances. load balancer and a database instance.
	After running the stack using the terraform apply command, it successfully launched the compute instances and the load balancer, but it failed to create a new database instance with the following error:
	`Service error: NotAuthorizedOrNotFound. shape VM.Standard2.4 not found, http status code: 404`
	You discovered that the resource quotas assigned to your compartment prevent you from using VM.Standard2.4 instance shapes available in your tenancy. You edit the Terraform script and replace the shape with VM.Standard 2.2
	Which options would you recommend to re-run the terraform command to have required OCI resources provisioned with the least effort?
	- [ ] `terraform apply -target=oci_database_db_system.db_system`
	- [x] `terraform apply -auto-approve`
	- [ ] `terraform plan -target=oci_database_db_system.db_system`
	- [ ] `terraform refresh -target=oci_database_db_system.db_system`

- What is a key benefit of using Oracle Cloud Infrastructure's Resource Manger for your Terraform provisioning and management activities?
	- [ ] You can use Resource Manager to identify and maintain and Inventory of all Compute and Database instances across your tenancy.
	- [x] Resource Manager manages the Terraform state file for your infrastructure and locks the file so that only one job at a time can run on a given stack. 
	- [ ] Resource Manager has administrate privileges by design. Even if your IAM user does not have access, you can leverage Resource Manager provision new resources to any compartment in the Tenancy.
	- [ ] You can use Resource Manager to apply patches to all existing Oracle Linux instances in a specified compartment.

## Compartment and IAM
- How can you provide user access to an existing compartment in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure?
	- [ ] by granting users access to the compartment when the compartment is created
	- [ ] by adding users to a compartment; all users in the compartment will have access to the resources in the compartment
	- [ ] by granting access directly to the user when the user is created
	- [x] by adding user to a group and defining policy to provide the group access to the compartment
## Budget, usage and quota
- You have a group of developers who launch multiple VM.Standard2.2 compute instances every day into the compartment `Dev`. As a result your OCI tenancy quickly hit the service limit for this shape. Other groups can no longer create new instances using VM.Standard2.2 shape. From this, your company has issued a new mandate that the `Dev` compartment must include a quota to allow for use of only 20 VM.standard shapes per availability domain.
	Your solution should not affect any other compartment in the tenancy.
	Which quota statement should be used to implement this new requirement?
	- [ ] 	```
			zero compute quotas in tenancy
			set compute quota vm-standard2-2-count to 20 in tenancy
			```
	- [ ]	```
			zero compute quotas in tenancy
			set compute quota vm-standard2-2-count to 20 in compartment dev
			```
	- [x]	```
			set compute quota vm-standard2-2-count to 20 in compartment dev
			```
	- [ ]	```
			set compute quota vm-standard2-2-count to 20 in compartment dev where request.region=us-phoenix-1
			```
- You as an admin want to provide IAM group `FinanceAuditors` to analyze the spending in the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure tenancy. Which of the below policy statement will you define?
	- [ ] `Allow group FinanceAuditors to read cost-reports in tenancy`
	- [ ] `Allow group FinanceAuditors to read usage-cost in tenancy`
	- [x] `Allow group FinanceAuditors to read usage-reports in tenancy`
	- [ ] `Allow group FinanceAuditors to read spend-reports in tenancy`
- Recently your e-commerce web application has been receiving significantly more traffic than usual. Users are reporting they often encounter a 403, when trying to access your site. Sometimes the site is very slow.

You check your instance pool configuration to confirm that the maximum number of instances is configured to allow 20 compute instances. Currently 14 compute instances have been provisioned by the instance pool. You also confirm that current CPU utilization across all hosts exceed the scale-threshold you set in your auto-scaling policy. However, the instance pool is not provisioning any new instances. 

What can you check to determine why the application is NOT functioning properly?
	- [ ] Verify that the database is accessible
	- [ ] Verify that the Quality Assurance team is not currently performing load-testing against production. 
	- [ ] Verify that the new offer feature code did not introduce any performance bugs.
	- [x] Verify that the compute resource has not been exceeded.

## Object Storage
- Which command sample can be used to copy an object from Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) Object Storage bucket in source region to a bucket in a destination region?
	- [ ] `oci os object copy --bucket-name <source-bucket-name> --source-object-name <source-object> --destination-region <design-region> --destination-bucket <destination-bucket-name> --destination-object-name <destination-object-name>`
	- [x] `oci os object copy --namespace-name <object-storage-namespace> --bucket-name <source-bucket-name> --source-object-name <source-object> --destination-namespace <destination-namespace-string> --destination-region <destination-region> --destination-bucket <destination-bucket-name> --destination-object-name <destination-object-name>`
	- [ ] `oci os object copy --source-compartment-id <source-compartment-id> --bucket-name <source-bucket-name> --source-object-name <source-object> --destination-compartment-id <destination-compartment-id> --destination-region <destination-region> --destination-bucket <destination-bucket-name> --destination-object-name <destination-object-name>`
	- [ ] `oci os object copy --bucket-name <source-bucket-name> --source-object-name <source-object> --destination-compartment-id <destination-compartment-id> --destination-region <destination-region> --destination-bucket <destination-bucket-name> --destination-object-name <destination-object-name>`  

- Your application is using Object Storage bucket named `app-data` in the namespace `vision`, to store both persistent and temporary data. Every week all the temporary data should be deleted to limit the storage consumption. 

Currently you need to navigate to the Object Storage page using the web console, select the appropriate bucket to view all the objects and delete the temporary ones.

To simplify the task you have configured the application to save all the temporary data with `/temp` prefix. You have also decide to use the Command Line Interface (CLI) to perform this operation. 

What is the command you should use to speed up the data cleanup?
	- [ ] `oci os objectstorage bulk-delete -ns vision -bn app-data --prefix /temp --force`
	- [ ] `oci os object delete -ns vision -bn app-data --prefix /temp`
	- [ ] `oci os object delete app-data in version where prefix=/temp`
	- [x] `oci os object bulk-delete -ns vision -bn app-data --prefix /temp --force`

- You have created following JSON file to implement lifecycle policy for one of your Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Object Storage buckets.
```
	oci os object-lifecycle-policy put -ns MyNamespace -bn MyBucket --items '[
		{
			"action": "ARCHIVE",
			"is-enabled":true,
			"name":"ArchiveAfter30Days",
			"object-name-filter":{
				"inclusion-prefixes":[
					"documents"
				]
			},
			"time-amount":30, 
			"time-unit":"DAYS"
		},
		{
			"action":"DELETE",
			"is-enabled":true,
			"name":"DeleteAfter180Days",
			"object-name-filter":{
				"inclussion-prefixes":null
			},
			"time-amount":180,
			"time-unit":"DAYS"
		}
	]'

```
	- [x] Objects containing name prefix 'documents' will automatically be moved from Standard Object Storage to Archive storage after 30 days and then deleted after 180 days from the date of creation.
	- [ ] Objects containing name prefix 'documents' will automatically be moved from Standard Object Storage to Archive storage after 30 days from the date of creation, but because of policy error have to be manually deleted after 180 days.
	- [ ] Objects containing name prefix 'documents' will automatically be moved from Standard Object Storage to Archive storage after 30 days from the date of creation. Other objects will be deleted after 180 days.
	- [ ] Objects containing name prefix 'documents' will automatically be moved from Standard Object Storage to Archive storage after 30 days from the date of creation

- You have been brought in to help secure and existing application that leverages Object Storage buckets to distribute content. The data is currently being shared from public buckets and the security team is not satisfied with the approach. They have stated that all data must be stored in storage buckets. Your application should be able to provide secure access to the data. The URL that is provided for access to the data must be rotated every 30 days. 

Which design option will meet these requirements?
	- [ ] Create a new group and map users to this group, create a IAM policy providing access to Object Storage service only to this group. Users can then simply login to OCI console and retrieve needed files.
	- [ ] Create a private bucket only to share the data.
	- [x] Use Pre-Authenticated request, even though there will be multiple URLs this will provide better security.
	- [ ] Create multiple bucket and classify them as Public and Private. Use public bucket for non-sensitive data and private bucket for sensitive data.



## OCI CLI
- You are working as a Cloud Operations Administrator for your company. They have different Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) tenancies for development and production workloads. Each tenancy has resources in two regions - `uk-london-1` and `eu-frankfurt-1`. You are asked to manage all resources and to automate all the tasks using OCI Command Line Interface (CLI).

Which is the most efficient method to manage multiple environments using OCI CLI?
	
	- [x] Use OCI CLI profiles to create multiple set of credentials in your config file. and reference the appropriate profile at runtime.
	- [ ] Create environment variables for the sets of credentials that align to each combination of tenancy, region and environment.
	- [ ] Use different bash terminals for each environment
	- [ ] Run `oci setup config` to create new credentials for each environment every time you want to access the environment.

- You have set an alarm to be generated when the CPU usage of a specified instance is greater thant 10%. In the alarm behavior view below you note that the critical condition happened around 23:30. You were expecting a notification after 1 minute, however, the alarm firing state did not begin until 23:33.

- What should you change to fix it?
	- [ ] Change the notification topic that you previously associated with the alarm
	- [ ] Change the alarm's metric interval to 1.
	- [x] Change the alarm's trigger delay minute value to 1.
	- [ ] Change the alarm condition to be greater than 3%

- ... that must be provisioned each day of the week. You initially write several Command Line Interface (CLI) commands with all appropriate configuration parameters to achieve this task later determining this method lacks flexibility. 

Which command generates a JSON-based template that Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) CLI can use to provision these instances on a regular basis?
	- [ ] `oci compute provision-instance --generate-full-command-json-input`
	- [ ] `oci compute instance create --generate-cli-skeleton`
	- [x] `oci compute instance launch --generate-full-command-json-input`

## Ansible
- A team implemented a SaaS application that requires a whole system deployment for each new customer. The infrastructure provisioning is already automated via Terraform, and now you have been asked to develop an Ansible playbook to centralize configuration file management and deployment. 

What is the most effective way to ensure your playbooks are utilizing up-to-date and accurate inventory?

	- [ ] Export and inventory list from the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Web console.
	- [ ] Export and inventory list using `Terraform apply` command
	- [ ] Implement a Command Line Interface script to list all the resources and run it within Ansible to generate a dynamic inventory list.
	- [x] Download the dynamic inventory script provided by Oracle Cloud Infrastructure and include it in the playbook invocation command.

## Chef
- Which statement below is true about the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) `knife-oci` plugin for Chef?
	- [ ] OCI provides a Chef Server running in each tenancy that can be controlled by the `knife-oci` plugin
	- [ ] The `knife-oci` plugin allows you to run Chef commands from OCI CLI
	- [ ] The `knife-oci` plugin is a Terraform provider to deploy Chef in OCI
	- [x] The `knife-oci` plugin allows users to interact with OCI through Chef Knife

## SDK
- Which of the below is NOT a supported SDK on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure
	- [ ] Java SDK
	- [ ] Ruby SDK
	- [x] .Net SDK
	- [ ] Go SDK
	- [ ] Python SDK
- As an administrator of your Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI)	tenancy, you are configuring your tenancy so that Oracle SDKs and OCI CLI can be integrated with your OCI environments. 

Which of the following is NOT a required action to accomplish this integration?
	- [ ] Add the required credentials in either a configuration file for the SDKs and CLI or a config object in the code
	- [ ] Generate an API signing key in PEM format. Upload the public key from the key pair in the OCI Console. 
	- [x] Launch a compute instance in your OCI tenancy. Install and configure required development environments and CLI. 
	- [ ] Create a user in IAM for the person or system who will be calling the API, and put that user int at least one IAM group with any desired permissions.
## OKE and container registry
- You have been asked to provision a new production environment on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI). After working with solution architect you are going to automate this process. 
Which OCI service can help automate the provisioning of this new environment?
	- [ ] Oracle Kubernetes Engine
	- [ ] OCI Streaming service
	- [ ] Oracle Functions
	- [ ] OCI Resource Manager

## Scaling
- Which step should be met for auto scaling to work
	- [ ] OS management service agent (OSMS)
	- [ ] Service Gateway should be setup to allow instance to send metrics to monitoring service.
- You have been asked to design and manage a three tier web-application. The application will need to scale to meet customers' need as the regularly release promotion on the site.

	What are these services/features you will need to create the setup
	- [ ] custom image, Load Balancer and instance configuration
	- [x] Autoscaling, instance configuration and load balancer
	- [ ] instance and load balancer
	- [ ] Autoscaling and VM shape
- You are asked to deploy a new application that has been designed to scale horizontally. The business stack holders have asked that the application be deployed in us-phoenix-1. Normal usage requires 2 OCPUs. You expect to have few spikes during the week, the will require up to 4 OCPUs, and a major usage uptick at the end of each month that will require 8 OCPUs.

What is the most cost-effective approach to implement a highly available and scalable solution?
	- [x] Create an instance pool with a VM.Standard2.2 shape instance configuration. Setup the autoscaling configuration to use 2 availability domains and have minimum of 2 instances, to handle the weekly spikes, and a maximum of 4 instances
	- [ ] Create an instance pool with a VM.Standard2.1 shape instance configuration. Setup the autoscaling configuration to use 2 availability domains and have a minimum of 2 instances and a maximum of 8 instances.
	- [ ] Create an instance with 1 OCPU shape. Use the `Resize Instance` action to scale up to a larger shape when more resources are needed.
	- [ ] Create an instance with 1 OCPU shape. Use a CLI script to clone it when mor resources are needed.

## Traffic steering
- This service uses a traffic steering policy to distribute the DNS traffic based on subnet address in a rule set
	- [ ] ASN steering
	- [ ] Load Balancing steering
	- [ ] Geo-location steering
	- [ ] IP prefix steering

- You will user Traffic Management to steer a small set of users to use the new service.  Which policy you will use ?
	- [x] ASN:
		- Autonomous System Numbers. DNS queries originating from a set of ASNs can be steered to a specified endpoint.
	- [ ] IP Prefix
	- [ ] Load Balancing
## Notification
- Which of the following are essential components of the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Notifications service?
	- [ ] An `alarm` with a new unique across compartment, a `subscription`, and a `metric` with the measurement of interest.
	- [x] A `topic` with a name unique across the tenancy, a `subscription`, and a `message` where content is published
	- [ ] A `topic` with a name unique across the compartment, a `subscription`, and a `message` where content is published.
	- [ ] An `alarm` with a name unique across the tenancy, a `subscription`, and a `metric` with the measurement of interest.

- A subscriber of an Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) Notifications service topic complained about not receiving messages from the service. Which of the following options can help you debug this issue?
	- [ ] If OCI Notifications service does not receive an acknowledgement from a subscription endpoint. the service tries to redeliver messages for up to one day. Make sure that the subscriber is online at least once a day to help debug the issue.
	- [ ] If OCI Notification service does not receive an acknowledgement from a subscription endpoint, check the NumberOfNotificationFailed metric through the OCI Monitoring service for failed messages. Copy these messages to an OCI Object Storage bucket. Make sure the subscriber has the required credentials to access this bucket to help debug the issue.
	- [ ] If OCI Notification service does not receive an acknowledgement from a subscription endpoint, the service drops the message. Confirm that the subscriber is always online to receive messages to help debug the issue.
	- [x] If OCI Notification service does not receive an acknowledgement from a subscription endpoint, the service tries to redeliver messages for up to two hours. Configure an alarm on the NumberOfNotificationFailed metric through the OCI Monitoring service to help debug the issue.
## Others
- You are using both FastConnect and VPN IPSec to connect OCI from your on premise systems.   Your security team asks you to ensure the encryption in-transit.  What setup you need to do ?
  - [x]	Both connections are using IPSec with data encryption in-transit by default ?
  - [ ]	You have to turn on …..

- You want to run auto scripts after you provision your instance in using Terraform in Windows.  You can’t run the scripts, what is the reason ? 
  - [ ]	Ran cloudbase-init instead of cloud-init
  - [x]	Set nothing in User_Data
  
- You have been asked to ensure that in-transit communication between an OCI compute instance and on-premise server 192.168.10.10/32 in encrypted. The instance communicate using HTTP. 
The OCI VCN is connected to the on-prem network by 2 separate connections: a dynamic IPSec VPN tunnel and FastConnect virtual circuit. No static config has been found.
	- [ ] Advertise 192.168.10.10/32 router over FastConnect
	- [ ] Advertise 192.168.10.10/32 router over the VPN
	- [ ] The instance will communicate by default over IPSec VPN which ensures data is encrypted in-transit.
	- [ ] The instance will communicate by default over the FastConnect private virtual circuit which ensured data is encrypted in-transit

- You found your website was attacked by hacking ‘-- **’ headers info in your SQL query. What tools you will use to prevent ?
	- [x] WAF XSS filtering
	- [ ] TDE
	- [ ] Firewall


- You use SSH to connect to OPC, and run the following command but gets error.  
	Touch /mnt/test/abc.tmp
What is the problem
	- [x] Login as OPC who does not have root privileges


- ParaVirtualization
- You have ordered 2 FastConnect. You want to run these connections in ACTIVE/PASSIVE architecture
	- [ ] Enable BGP on FastConnect you want to use ACTIVE connection
	- [ ] Decrease the prefix length of AS for the FastConnect you want to use passive connection
	- [ ] Use AS Path pretending with your routes
	- [x] Adjust one of the connection to have higher ASN



- Which technique does NOT help you get the optimal performance out of the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure File Storage service？
	- [ ] Right size compute instances from where file system is accessed based on their network capacity.
	- [ ] Increase concurrency by using multiple threads, multiple clients and multiple mount targets.
	- [ ] Limit access to the same Availability Domain (AD) as the File Storage service where possible.
	- [ ] Store files across multiple directories in the file system.
	- [x] Serialize operations to the file system to access consecutive blocks as much as possible.

